Added an article on using YDB with FineBI (#9082)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/integrations/visualization/finebi.md

# FineBI

> FineBI is a powerful big data analytics tool for everyone. FineBI allows data analysts to analyze and share data across your organization for informed decision-making. It helps transform raw data into insightful visualizations, track KPIs, identify trends, and predict future outcomes.
> 
> PostgreSQL compatibility mode in {{ ydb-short-name }} enables the use of [FineBI](https://intl.finebi.com/) to query and visualize data from {{ ydb-short-name }}. In this case FineBI works with {{ ydb-short-name }} just like with PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FineBI is a powerful big data analytics tool. FineBI allows organizations to analyze and share data for informed decision-making. It helps transform raw data into insightful visualizations, track KPIs, identify trends, and predict future outcomes.

[PostgreSQL compatibility mode in {{ ydb-short-name }}](../../postgresql/intro.md) enables the use of [FineBI](https://intl.finebi.com/) to query and visualize data from {{ ydb-short-name }}. In this case FineBI works with {{ ydb-short-name }} just like with PostgreSQL.
```
